Hello, Rarin.
Hello, Kan.
It seems that your brand
has been in trouble recently.
But it's probably not as bad
as someone at the top
who's trying to cling onto
the pedestal for dear life
because they're afraid someone
might kick them off.
Be careful with what you say and do.
The fashion world is cruel.
There are a lot of
savage beasts around.
I understand.
But I won't surrender
to wrongfulness.
You said it yourself
that the fashion world is cruel.
You should watch yourself as well.
If I was scared,
do you think
Kritsana would've lasted this long?
And what did you have to
give in exchange?
Your dignity
and honor as a fashion designer,
right?
The outcome will be
the judge for everything.
Another thing,
I've also invited the owner of Posey
to be in the front row tomorrow.
I'm looking forward to the show.
If you're done,
check over there as well.
Okay.
We need a little touch-up here too.
Right away.
Okay? And there's this too.
Can I talk to you now?
Okay, okay.
Everyone,
I know many of you are feeling
uncomfortable about the recent news.
But I still can't tell you the truth
or give you any details.
But there's one thing
I'd like to tell you.
Thank you very much
for being a part of today.
If one of you was missing,
I wouldn't be here today.
I also created this brand with love
and the belief that everyone
can be a princess and a prince
in their own way.
I don't expect today's
show to be perfect.
But I hope
that when people wear our clothes,
they will be happy being themselves
and convey this to the audience.
Let's make today's
fashion show memorable!
That was a very nice speech.
I just spoke my mind.
But I'm still very worried.
Come with me.
Why did you bring me here?
You have to get dressed soon.
Close your eyes.
Can you hear it?
Hear what?
The sound of my heart.
How could I hear it?
The power is gone.
If you listen carefully,
you'll hear it.
My heart is saying only one thing.
Don't worry.
Just do your best.
Okay.
Do you feel energized now?
Or do you need another hug?
But this time,
it won't be just a hug.
Silly.
Go and get touched up.
Go.
Hurry.
Okay.
This way, please.
This way.
Another one, please.
Another photo.
Thank you.
This way.
Look at this camera, please.
Do you have a favorite brand?
I'm here to support all of them.
Great.
Hello.
- How is it going?
- Is it okay here?
- I think just leave it that way.
- Okay.
And this one, can you adjust it?
- It tends to protrude here.
- Sure.
- Okay.
Okay.
Tan?
Why haven't you changed?
- Jib, can you get Tanthai's outfit?
- Okay.
This is yours.
Hurry up and get changed.
And why haven't you changed?
You have to be on stage
as well, don't you?
Only for a second. This is fine.
- Hmm?
- No, you can't.
You're the centerpiece of the show.
I'll get you a makeup artist.
Uh...
Okay. I'll go
and wash my face first.
Hurry up and get changed.
Rarin, can I get an interview?
Is it true that you
plagiarized Posey's designs?
Is the plagiarized outfit going
to be included in today's show?
Why do they look so similar?
- That's right.
- Why did you plagiarize?
Please answer me.
Everyone, the press is not
permitted to be in this space.
- Is it true, Rarin?
- Can you answer us?
If you want to know who plagiarized
whom, get a front-row seat
so you can scrutinize
everything from there.
Alright?
There are still seats available.
You should head there now
or you won't get a seat.
That's right. There's
a lot of good angles there.
Have you forgotten who I managed?
The rest is up to you now. Fight!
Let's go.
Thank you very much.
It was a great show.
He goes all out every year.
I think the concept's
still the same.
Nothing's changed.
Really?
Ready, everyone?
Hello, Anya.
Hello, Kan.
What do you think of my show?
Well, it was standard.
I'm sorry.
This spot is reserved
for a VIP guest.
And who is your VIP guest?
You'll find out when she gets here.
Are you looking for a seat?
Move over.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome. Please.
Today's show was awesome.
- Did you like it?
- Yes, we did. Right?
The color scheme will
definitely be the trend this year.
Please stay tuned for the next one.
Is everyone ready?
Five,
four,
three,
two,
cue!
Over there!
It's identical.
What is this?
It's uncanny.
It's so similar.
Look at that.
Was it this brand
that plagiarized Posey?
It's so similar.
All of them are. Look through it.
That's right.
It's identical again.
It's typical.
There's nothing special.
I hope it stays that way.
- Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Kan.
I didn't think you'd come.
And why wouldn't I?
Shouldn't I be in the front row?
Actually, I should've been on stage.
My concept is human nature.
So I chose green as the color
to express it.
But I've been thinking.
Human nature is fluid.
Everything is impermanent.
Me,
Tan,
Rung,
and everyone.
Everything can be changed
according to time and context.
I've installed a sprinkler
above the stage.
After everyone has come out,
the water will rain down.
And the color
of the outfit will change.
That sounds fun.
Just the thought of it makes me
want to be in your show.
I just want to convey
the thoughtfulness and effort
of the people behind the scenes.
Da,
Jib
and everyone else.
This is good. It feels like
you're shaming Kan.
He can steal all he wants but he can
only steal the outer shells.
Jib,
I want to be alone.
I love you.
I love you too.
Excuse me.
Kan? Kan? Kan?
Well done, Rin!
- Yay!
I hope today's surprise
was fun for everyone.
Thank you for making
today's show our best one yet!
- Yay!
Miki, Rarin's outfit can
change colors. Do you know that?
I didn't know anything about that.
Yours can't. So who came up
with the original idea?
- I don't know.
- So who plagiarized whom?
That's right. Can you answer?
Please answer us.
Kan, you should stop.
Stop? Stop what?
What did I do to you?
Do you think ganging up on me
is going to make it easier to
take me down?
Impossible.
You use people and
plagiarized other people's work.
You also ordered a hit on someone.
How long do you think you'll last
committing all these evil deeds?
Evil deeds?
Little girl,
you might see it
as superficial and evil.
But I'm sorry.
To me, it's called
survival.
The world is cruel.
Each of us has to survive
in our own way.
Do you know how difficult it was
to be able to get to this point?
What I did
and what I've been doing
all this time
takes a lot of grit.
There's no one to care for me.
No one sympathizes with me.
I have nightmares every night.
I wake up and hope it isn't true.
But it is.
It has made me understand
that someone like you
is just a human
with low-level intelligence
who sees things in black and white,
good and bad,
love and hate.
To put it simply, you're stupid
for falling for my tricks
in this harsh capitalist society.
It's just a game, Rin.
It's just a game.
You're such a lost cause.
What about Rung?
She respected you.
But you did that to her!
Was she just easy prey to you?
She was just easy prey to me.
You!
If you don't respect other people
or see them as mere objects,
you should at least
respect your work.
And how am I not respecting my work?
How?
And what is
your actual definition of fashion?
Winning?
To be at the top?
Or just claiming your territory?
Kan, what is
your definition of fashion?
For me, fashion is
being able to see people happy
when they wear my outfits.
I believe good outfits design us.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
Let's make a toast.
No one knows
what the business has done to me.
It's a rotten world
that needs to change.
And the only way to do it
is to be powerful.
You have to be powerful
to be able to change it!
But kids like you
would never understand.
Now that it's come to this,
are you going to still be arrogant?
Aren't you even afraid
of going to jail?
Tanthai, don't you understand
anything I just said?
You still don't know
the reason why
I was able to stay in the business
for decades?
Mmm.
Oh,
we've worked together
for less than a year.
Are you going to betray me now?
Are you mentally prepared?
As for me,
I've been ready for a while now.
How much more do you want?
The amount you gave me
is definitely worth it.
But that guy paid me much more.
Nice suit.
It's probably expensive.
But it's a shame.
It might get a little dusty.
- Can I buy that?
- Who are you?
I'm your customer, of course.
I'd like to buy one more thing.
Your dignity.
- Hey.
- Kan.
Let me go!
I designed them first.
She plagiarized my designs.
I'm sorry. She plagiarized
my designs.
I think I have the right to sue her.
Why can't I? I designed them first.
You have no right to do this to me.
You have no right to do this to me!
I created it with my own hands.
How can they just
take it away from me?
Why?
I can't deny that,
during the course of my career,
I've always met many people
who have tried to enter
the fashion world of Thailand.
The thirst for success
is always there.
But not everyone
who enters will be successful.
The body count on the battlefield
is much higher than fabric scraps.
And even though
this article will be my last
as a columnist,
this year's Bangkok Fashion Week
will forever be a lesson to me.
If the fashion world is a house,
I've always seen Kritsana
as my younger brother.
But today, Kritsana still has
the same concept and theme.
Even though you can't take
your eyes off it,
there was no improvement.
It still behaves like
the giant of the runway
without knowing
the next brand to be onstage
would utterly destroy everything
like an atomic bomb.
(An atomic bomb)
I'm talking about Rarin,
the girl next door with big dreams
who's very ambitious.
Her love,
dreams,
and desire to be number one
screamed out loud
throughout the collection
and easily penetrated
the hearts of the people.
The first protagonist who fulfilled
the dream of the girl named Rarin
was Tanthai,
a scandalous model and actor.
He stepped onto the runway
as the prince of the rainy season
without any traces of being
the troublemaker of showbiz.
Also, the final hidden tactic
fearlessly challenged the definition
and limit of the Thai fashion world.
I shall define it as
"miraculous".
This girl has taught me
that by having good people,
good friends,
and a good partner close by,
"success" will be within reach.
Apart from seeing another step
forward in the house
called the fashion world
in the last year of my own career,
I won't be able to stop watching
over its members growing up.
Don't stop sewing.
Don't be afraid of creating.
Every inch of every kind of fabric
in this world is waiting for you.
(Every inch of every kind of fabric
in this world is waiting for you.)
What's the matter?
You don't look well.
You're the winner today.
Don't forget that.
I'm thinking about
what's going to happen next.
What's going to happen next?
Easy.
You're still a designer who will
keep designing beautiful clothes.
And I'm the muse who supports you.
Or do you need a new one?
But it might be difficult to find
an awesome prince like me.
What about us?
We'll still be the couple that
everyone envies.
Are you ready
to be my princess, Rarin?
What are you talking about?
Didn't we kiss on stage tonight?
It's going to be big news tomorrow.
The handsome, cool, manly,
and buffed prince
kissed the princess of
the fashion on stage.
Tan,
I have something to tell you.
What is it?
Well,
I don't think it's possible
between us anymore.
I've made a decision
to leave this place.
What do you mean?
I told you to stop
calling me the prince.
Do you have some time?
I'd like you to listen to my ideas.
Alright.
But just a bit, okay?
Mmm!
Chest, 40.
Upper arm, 15.
Arm length, 16.5
and 28.5.
Wrist, 7.
Shoulder, 18.5.
Front shoulder, 16.5.
Front length, 17.
Back shoulder, 16.5.
Back length, 19.
No matter how miraculous
the power is,
don't rely on it too much.
If you know you love him,
just listen to your heart.
Thank you so much, Tan.
You've inspired me again.
I think
when you design clothes,
you probably already have
something on your mind.
In the past,
I've always been relying
on the power in the rain.
And this time as well.
I was very lucky
to have everyone helping.
And I didn't just think about this.
I've been thinking about it
for a while now.
I want to get out there
and discover who I am.
What are you talking about?
You've always been
working by yourself.
I'm talking about
my true self.
The one that doesn't need
to wait for the rain.
to rely on others.
The one that actually listens
to my heart.
Come on, Rin.
Aren't you overthinking it?
What about your studio?
I already have a plan for it.
Don't worry.
What about me?
Am I there, among your heartbeat?
Because of that stupid news,
are you going to just cut me off?
Rung, do you like it here?
Take good care of yourself.
You know you won't change Rin's mind
by doing this?